.TH CCH 1 "Feb 22nd, 2017" ""
.SH NAME
cch - Utility for splitting C++ code into declaration and implementation
.SH SYNOPSIS
cch [OPTIONS] --input <.cch file> [--output <format string>]
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
CCH is a code processor that automatically splits C++ methods into declaration and implementation.  Its use case is to enable writing C++ code in a single .cch file and then have the code be split into separate .cc/.h files before compilation.  This avoids the build performance issues of an all-header arrangement, while keeping the simplicity and convenience.
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.SS "-i, --input <file>"
Specify the input .cch file.
.SS "-o, --output <format string>"
Specify the format string for the location of the output files.
Defaults to '%p', which writes the output files alongside the input file.

Available format specifiers:                          e.g. 'src/util.cch':
                                                      -------------------
   %p - full path of the input .cch                   src/util.cch
   %d - directory portion of the specified .cch       src
   %f - base name of the .cch, without leading dir    util.cch
   %% - a literal '%'                                 %
.SS "-d, --debug"
Enable debug output.
.SS "-h, --help"
Show this help menu and exit.
.SS "-v, --version"
Show program version and exit.
.SS "--noLineNumbers"
Don't emit #line directives.
.SS "--noBanner"
Don't add CCH banner to generated files.
.SS "--ccExtension=<ext>"
Set output extension for implementation file. Defaults to 'cc'
.SS "--hExtension=<ext>"
Set output extension for header file. Defaults to 'h'
.\"
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Please report any bugs/issues at https://github.com/tjps/cch/issues
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2017 Thomas Snider.
.br
License: MIT (https://github.com/tjps/cch/blob/master/LICENSE)
.PP
Free to use and redistribute, with attribution.  NO WARRANTY.
